feat: add article 'database-101-3' to review (#1)
DanielHe4rt/journey: articles/database-101-part-3.md

> I kind liked it the idea of being writing about socials, but at this time I went to a total different direction by reaching `Twitch.tv` or any type of platform with instant messaging. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I kind liked it the idea of being writing about socials, but at this time I went in a totally different direction by reaching `Twitch.tv` or any type of platform with instant messaging. 
```

Reviewer: Quick test edit
